Just a sword
Wife, are you crazy?
This is the sword of the Qing army
After it was rumored that Xuanyuan Sword was once a sword for the Qing army
He once threw the dead sword into a city alone
It is this sword as a sword tablet
He thanked me for three thousand miles
Exactly.
This sword represents the supreme authority of the Qing army
Seeing this sword, not seeing the Qing army in person
How did it get into your little mouth?
It becomes just a sword
This is for the Qing army
Humiliation to the Qing army
The sword follows the master
In your eyes
This is a supreme Xuanyuan sword
But in my eyes
It's just a sword
Because of his honor
All because of me
Let go and change for the sake of responsibility
Zeng Ying God of War
This situation is lawless
I really have to protect him
That's right, the situation is my Tang Xueying's man
You and I Tang Ying
Countless achievements in a lifetime
Only to kill the enemy and serve the country at dawn
Never been greedy for any merit
Ann has made any fame or fortune
today
The army blames me
Then use this thunder and thunder battle as the glory of the past
In exchange for the peace of those I love
Heart will be so cold
Rejected this crowded
If you really refuse
Then I will
life to life
Change Qin Feng's way of life
Such a touching play?
Don't change the swallow
Seen Tiangong
So protective of this wild man
Not so good
My fiancee.